sysproxy-rs/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/zzzgydi/sysproxy-rs
redis/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:redis/redis.git
tantivy/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:quickwit-oss/tantivy.git
MCP-Chinese-Getting-Started-Guide/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:liaokongVFX/MCP-Chinese-Getting-Started-Guide.git
rofi/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:davatorium/rofi.git
rofi/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/sardemff7/libgwater
rofi/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/sardemff7/libnkutils
geogebra/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:geogebra/geogebra.git
mcp_servers/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:modelcontextprotocol/servers.git
Byte_netcap/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:bytedance/netcap.git
gf/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/nakst/gf.git
A2A/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:google/A2A.git
cherry-studio/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:CherryHQ/cherry-studio.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:telegramdesktop/tdesktop.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/Microsoft/GSL.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/nayuki/QR-Code-generator
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/google/cld3.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/apple/swift-corelibs-libdispatch
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/TartanLlama/expected
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/fcitx/fcitx5-qt.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/hime-ime/hime.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/hunspell/hunspell
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/jemalloc/jemalloc
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/KDE/kcoreaddons.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/KDE/kimageformats.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/libprisma.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/telegramdesktop/libtgvoip
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/lz4/lz4.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/hamonikr/nimf.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/ericniebler/range-v3.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/rlottie.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/TelegramMessenger/tgcalls.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/flatpak/xdg-desktop-portal.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/codegen.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_base.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_crl.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_lottie.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_qr.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_rpl.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_spellcheck
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_storage.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_tl.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_ui.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_webrtc.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/lib_webview.git
tdesktop/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/desktop-app/cmake_helpers.git
alacritty/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:alacritty/alacritty.git
ghostty/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/ghostty-org/ghostty
alist/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:AlistGo/alist.git
rust-raspberrypi-OS-tutorials/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:lr00rl/rust-raspberrypi-OS-tutorials.git
cipherscan/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:mozilla/cipherscan.git
meilisearch/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:meilisearch/meilisearch.git
tinydb/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:msiemens/tinydb.git
Git/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:git/git.git
croc/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:schollz/croc.git
searxng/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:searxng/searxng.git
Apache_Hadoop/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:apache/hadoop.git
mihomo-party/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:mihomo-party-org/mihomo-party.git
seeks/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:beniz/seeks.git
Apache_Hbase/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:apache/hbase.git
go/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:golang/go.git
ctags/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/universal-ctags/ctags.git
uARM/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:lr00rl/uARM.git
ms_vscode/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:microsoft/vscode.git
Apache_kafka/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:apache/kafka.git
go-sqlite3/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:mattn/go-sqlite3.git
cython/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:cython/cython.git
Apache_spark/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:apache/spark.git
deskflow_cdcdLearn/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:lr00rl/deskflow_cdcdLearn.git
SillyTavern/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:SillyTavern/SillyTavern.git
viu/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:atanunq/viu.git
lazygit/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/jesseduffield/lazygit.git
mysql-server/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:mysql/mysql-server.git
sing-box/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:SagerNet/sing-box.git
wiredtiger/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:wiredtiger/wiredtiger.git
less_command/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:gwsw/less.git
slock/.git/config:	url = https://git.suckless.org/slock
bcc/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:iovisor/bcc.git
mysql-shell/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:mysql/mysql-shell.git
OpenClash/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:vernesong/OpenClash.git
wrk/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:wg/wrk.git
elasticsearch/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:elastic/elasticsearch.git
lightdm/.git/config:	url = https://git.launchpad.net/~rhansen/lightdm/+git/main
sowon/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:lr00rl/sowon.git
lightllm/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:ModelTC/lightllm.git
BitNet/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/microsoft/BitNet.git
BitNet/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/Eddie-Wang1120/llama.cpp.git
Facebook_rocksdb/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:facebook/rocksdb.git
PicGo/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:Molunerfinn/PicGo.git
xbps/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/void-linux/xbps
fiber/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:gofiber/fiber.git
sqlite_amalgamation/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:lr00rl/sqlite_amalgamation.git
youtube-dl/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:ytdl-org/youtube-dl.git
bleve/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:blevesearch/bleve.git
ly/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:fairyglade/ly.git
sqlite/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:sqlite/sqlite.git
Bochs/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:bochs-emu/Bochs.git
QwenLong-L1/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:Tongyi-Zhiwen/QwenLong-L1.git
qemu/.git/config:	url = git@gitlab.com:qemu-project/qemu.git
marko-riscv/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:marko1616/marko-riscv.git
raylib/.git/config:	url = https://github.com/raysan5/raylib.git
frp/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:fatedier/frp.git
st_cdcd/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:lr00rl/st_cdcd.git
fx/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:antonmedv/fx.git
bubbletea/.git/config:	url = git@github.com:charmbracelet/bubbletea.git
